release: v1.45.1 (#5009)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_geal_schema_aware_hash_introspection.md

> ### Use the entire schema when hashing an introspection query ([Issue #5006](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/5006))
> 
> in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4883 (1.44.0), we introduced a query hashing scheme that stays stable across schema updates if the update does not affect the query. Unfortunately, it was not taking introspection queries into account.
> This fixes the hashing mechanism to add the schema string to hashed data if we encounter an introspection field, so the entire schema is taken into account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use entire schema when hashing an introspection query ([Issue #5006](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/5006))

A query hashing scheme introduced in the router [v1.44.0](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4883) to enable stable hashes across schema updates (if updates didn't affect queries) unfortunately didn't take into account introspection queries.

This release fixes the hashing mechanism by adding the schema string to hashed data if an introspection field is encountered. As a result, the entire schema is taken into account.
```
